Document asset hierarchy builder (#381)
cognitedata/cdp-spark-datasource: README.md

    - [Read data](#read-data)
    - [Write data](#write-data)
    - [Delete data](#delete-data)

> - [Asset hierarchy (beta)](#asset-hierarchy-beta)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Asset hierarchy builder (beta)](#asset-hierarchy-builder-beta)
```

Author: Fixed

when an attempt to delete an unknown id, use `.option("ignoreUnknownIds", "true")`
for those resources types.

> ## Asset hierarchy (beta)

Reviewer: I don't exactly know why, but the title "Asset hierarchy" feels a bit off to me. Maybe "Asset hierarchies" or "Asset hierarchy ingestion"? Feel free to ignore this, as it's only my gut feeling :)

Author: Will go for builder here as well

> Note: The asset hierarchy utility is currently in beta, and has not been sufficiently tested to be used 

Reviewer: Maybe change "The asset hierarchy utility" to "Asset hierarchy ingestion"? Not sure though, I think it's fine as is really.

Author: I was conflicted here as well, what should we call it? Ingestion sounds like it's a first time thing, while the tool is actually most useful when there are updates.

Reviewer: I agree, "ingestion" is not the right word here. I've heard the term "asset syncing" a lot, but I'm not sure if that's the right term either. I'll leave it up to you.

on production data.

The `.option("type", "assethierarchy")` lets you write new asset hierarchies, or update existing ones,

> using the Spark data source. It currently supports writing a single root asset and any number of children.

Reviewer: Spark Data Source should be Capitalized

The asset hierarchy utility can ingest entire trees, as long as all nodes are connected to the root asset
through the `externalId`/`parentExternalId` relationship. If input contains an update to data that already exists,
i.e there's a match on `externalId` and there's a change to one of the other fields, the asset will be updated.
There's also an option to delete assets from CDF that are not referenced in the input data.

### Requirements
- The source data must contain a single root, denoted by setting its `parentExternalId` to the empty string `""`.
- All assets, except root, must be connected to another asset in the input data by `parentExternalId`.

> - The input data must not have loops, to ensure all asset trees are fully connected.

Reviewer: Are we doing anything to detect cycles?

Author: We are requiring all assets to be connected to the root, which is not connected to anything, which will discover cycles (at least I can't think of a counter-example)

Reviewer: That's true, good point 👍

- `externalId` can not be the empty string `""`.

### Options
|    Option                  | Default | Description |
| -------------------------- | --------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `deleteMissingAssets`      | `false` | Whether or not you would like assets under the root to be deleted if they're not present in the input data |

> | `ignoreDisconnectedAssets` | `false` | This will ignore assets that are not connected to root, as opposed to throw an error and stop the program. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `ignoreDisconnectedAssets` | `false` | This will ignore assets that are not connected to root, as opposed to throwing an error and stopping the program. |
```

| `batchSize`                | 1000    | The number of assets to write per API call.                                                                 |

### Example
```scala
val assetHierarchySchema = Seq("externalId", "parentExternalId", "description", "name", "metadata")

// Manually create some assets that satisfy the requirements of the asset hierarchy builder
val assetHierarchy = Seq(
  Seq("root_asset", "", "manual_input", "root_asset", Some("This is the root asset"), None),
  Seq("first_child", "root_asset", "manual_input", "first_child", Some("This is the first_child"), None),
  Seq("second_child", "root_asset", "manual_input", "second_child", Some("This is the second_child"), None),

>   Seq("grandchild", "", "manual_input", "first_child", Some("This is the root asset"), None)

Reviewer: Shouldn't this have `first_child` or `second_child` as its `parentExternalId`? Seems like we have two root assets here

Author: You're correct, I see I changed the `source` instead of the `parentExternalId`. I'll run the code to verify it.

)

val assetTreeDataFrame = spark
  .sparkContext
  .parallelize(assetTree)
  .toDF(assetHierarchySchema) // The column names

> // Insert the assets with the asset hierarchy tool

Reviewer: I see we're using the term "asset hierarchy utility" elsewhere in this article, so let's be consistent about what we call it :)

Author: I don't really like utility either, I just chose it because I thought builder _could_ be misleading. In retrospect I like builder more anyways, so let's go with that.

assetTreeDataFrame
  .format("cognite.spark.v1")
  .option("apiKey", "myApiKey")
  .option("type", "assethierarchy")
  .save

> // Have a look at your new asset tree

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Have a look at your new asset hierarchy
```

Author: I'll change this everywhere to avoid multiple terms for the same thing.

The asset hierarchy builder can ingest entire hierarchies, as long as all nodes are connected to the root asset
through the `externalId`/`parentExternalId` relationship. If input contains an update to data that already exists,
i.e there's a match on `externalId` and there's a change to one of the other fields, the asset will be updated.
There's also an option to delete assets from CDF that are not referenced in the input data.

### Requirements
- The source data must contain a single root, denoted by setting its `parentExternalId` to the empty string `""`.
- All assets, except root, must be connected to another asset in the input data by `parentExternalId`.
- The input data must not have loops, to ensure all asset hierarchies are fully connected.
- `externalId` can not be the empty string `""`.

### Options
|    Option                  | Default | Description |
| -------------------------- | --------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `deleteMissingAssets`      | `false` | Whether or not you would like assets under the root to be deleted if they're not present in the input data. |

> | `ignoreDisconnectedAssets` | `false` | This will ignore assets that are not connected to root, as opposed to throw an error and stop the program.  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `ignoreDisconnectedAssets` | `false` | This will ignore assets that are not connected to root, as opposed to throwing an error and stopping the program.  |
```

Author: Good catch! I actually edited this after the previous comment, but I simply replaced it with itself which doesn't help much.
